so welcome to my Channel today I'm gonna
do a really quick demo for you guys on
how to apply your mink lashes or any
type of false lashes I have the lash
bunny lashes on right now but this is
the box that they came in I did do a
quick review on these in my April
favorites video that you guys should see
this will come after that so you guys
have probably already seen it I love
these honestly they're so far my new
favorite lashes you guys know I love me
some kits lashes but these are way more
expensive and they're actually a lot
more adorable and George's really
well-made they are 100-percent mink
cruelty-free lashes so just to let you
know guys they don't harm any animals in
the process of making these lashes which
a lot of you guys might have that as a
concern so just to kind of make you feel
a little bit better they don't harm any
animals they are on the expensive side
but they're worth it because you can get
at least 10 to 15 wears out of them if
you know what you're doing um I probably
could get like 20 because I do use a
lash glue and i do want to include this
in the video this is the strip lash
adhesive with a low and there's the
black crime and this is from walgreens
this is the kiss brand i like this it's
only like 495 and I think the duo brand
is a little more expensive but either
way they both do the same thing and this
is just as good but just a little bit
let more a little bit less expensive
than the duo brain so if you're looking
for a good strip lash glue this is it
right here i'm going to show you guys
how to apply lash glue and i'm also
going to show you guys how to apply
lashes in this video so get excited
because a lot of you guys have been
commenting and i have been reading your
comments that you want to see a tutorial
on how to apply false lashes some of you
say you guys have a hard time so i hope
this helps you guys a little bit for
those of you that are new to applying
false lashes you're gonna see me apply
one I with my hand and one I with a pair
of tweezers I did this on purpose
because I wanted you guys to see the
difference it really doesn't make a
difference it's just if you're able to
do it so if you prefer using your hand
go right ahead
do it that's the only way that I apply
lashes but today I actually tried using
tweezers just to show you guys how to do
it the proper way because I believe the
proper way is to use a pair of tweezers
or some sort for those of you who don't
really know how to apply it with your
hand if you have a steady hand and you
can apply your lashes that way then go
right ahead I don't see any problem with
doing that but if you prefer to use
tweezers I do show you guys how to use
tweezers as well so if you guys want to
see how I apply my false lashes please
keep watching the rest of this video so
the first thing you're going to do is
slowly remove your lashes cool from the
middle I've learned if you just start
yanking them off you're gonna mess it up
and you could possibly remove the hair
so depending on what size your eyes are
you going to want to cut them you have
to cut those ends off but you also work
you can also just you know make them fit
your eyes so if you I have small eyes
you might want to just adjust them a
little bit and I would just use some
small little scissors to do that I'm
gonna use the kiss strip lash adhesive
to apply my lashes the first thing I
want to do is just apply it a very tiny
amount you don't need to apply a lot a
little bit goes a long way with lash
glue you're going to blow on the glue a
little just get it a little tacky like
you want it to be sticky glue you don't
want it to be wet when you apply it then
you're going to grab a pair of tweezers
I like to start from the middle and lay
them on top of my lashes not the line
but literally on top of my lashes then I
take the corners pull them in and just
lay them right on top as well so and
this part i'm just going to show you
guys how to do it with your hand you
basically do the same thing some some of
you may have a hard time using tweezers
or if you are better at using your hand
and go right ahead me personally I
prefer my hands so you just lay it on
and basically do the same thing I did
with the tweezers you're gonna pull it
in on each end and just lay it on top
and
they're you though so the last part you
want to do it you can blend with some
mascara some people do it before I tend
to do it after because I'd rather have
my lashes blend in so that's it guys if
you liked this video give it a thumbs up
thanks for watching and make sure you
guys check out last bunny com